[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the monstrous Majin Buu
had already wiped out
nearly 80 percent
of the earth's population.
Buu fix so you
get scared and run.
[BUU]
Are you scared?
[barks]
[BUU] Buu fixed creature.
He should run in fear.
He won't run now!
He likes you, Buu!
He's sure glad you healed him!
Majin Buu got his first pet.
Buu think
this creature likes Buu.
That's what I was saying!
See his tail wagging?
That means he wants
to play with you!
Oh. He just like you then.
You like Buu, too, right?
Uh.
[chuckles]
Yeah, you're the best!
Ah! That make Buu happy!
What's your reason
for killing so many people
and destroying
all our cities and homes?
'Cause it's fun!
You know, it's not right
to destroy cities
full of innocent people.
Ah! Unless that's
what makes you happy.
Then by all means,
destroy whatever you want!
You think Buu should
stop hurting Earth people?
Uh, a little. Yeah.
Then Buu stop!
[MR. SATAN] You're really
gonna stop terrorizing?
[BUU]
Mhmm.
[MR. SATAN]
And stop blowing up cities?
[BUU]
Mm.
[MR. SATAN]
I did it! I really did it!
[NARRATOR] But just
as Buu was experiencing
a monumental change of heart,
the darkness in man's
own nature intervened.
[BEE yelps]
[VAN ZANT laughs]
You're next, Buu!
[NARRATOR] A bullet fired
by a foolish young man
may have put a stop
to Buu's softening,
and threatened the
whole world once again.
Buu fights back, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
♪
Who... did this?
[BOTH chuckle]
Who are those
rotten no-good bastards?
How could they do that?
It's just a pup!
Why is a renowned hero
like Mr. Satan
just hanging out
with Majin Buu anyway?
[VAN ZANT]
Hm! Makes no difference to me.
I'll just blow 'em both away.
Then I can take
Mr. Satan's place
as the world's greatest hero
and be worshipped!
See you in hell!
[MR. SATAN yells]
[laughs]
That's what I'm talking
about! We wiped 'em out!
That we did, Master.
That we did.
You've just witnessed
the birth of a new hero.
A savior who spared Earth
from Majin Buu's destruction!
[SMITTY]
Huh?
--[SMITTY] Ah!
--[VAN ZANT] Wha--!
[BUU growls]
He's still... alive!
I don't understand.
How could he survive that shot?
[BUU growls]
[BOTH gasp]
[SMITTY] He's up and moving!
Like nothing happened!
[VAN ZANT]
Ha! Not for long!
[SMITTY groans]
Huh?
You! You'll... You'll pay!
The one payin' is you!
I'm gonna take you down!
[VAN ZANT]
Bring it!
You fool!
[grunts]
Oh, I am gonna bash
you and smash you
and lash you and thrash you
and mash you!
Just get out of my sight!
[VAN ZANT groans]
[panting]
You make me sick.
Damn it.
How cruel can you get?
Aah! You won't believe it,
Buu. Come quickly!
The little guy's
still breathing!
[BUU]
Huh?!
Hurry! Hurry!
You think you can heal him?
Like you did before?
[BUU] If doggy not dead,
Buu make better.
[gasps]
[MR. SATAN] Yeah! Way to go,
Buu! You saved his life!
You did it! All right Buu!
Yeah, Buu!
[BOTH] Buu do! Buu do!
Buu do! Buu do! Buu do!
--[MR. SATAN] Who do?! Buu do!
--[BUU] Buu do! Buu do! Buu do!
--[MR. SATAN chuckles]
[PICCOLO]
What's going on down there?
And why's that phony warrior
treating Majin Buu like
some sort of
childhood playmate?
Can't get our hopes up, but
this could mean we don't have
to fight Majin Buu after all!
[PICCOLO]
This changes nothing.
He could still destroy
this whole world.
[CHICHI] You must be tired and
thirsty, Goten. Here, drink up.
[PICCOLO] Trunks! Goten!
Quit goofing off!
We've got training to do!
Again? Already?
I need to relax for a while.
I mean, we just got back
a few minutes ago.
[TRUNKS] Besides, you saw how
powerful we got with Fusion.
We don't need any
more training, okay!
That's what you think!
You've learned to fuse but
you have to push it farther!
You still need more power!
There's no time to waste here!
Look, Piccolo. You need
to take it down a notch,
you hear me? Just because
Goku isn't here
doesn't mean you can
go around bullying them!
Bullying? I--
Yeah! Just who
do you think you are?
You do realize Goten
and Trunks are children right?
And as a matter of fact,
this is their naptime!
If you push them too hard now,
then when the time
comes to fight,
they'll be so exhausted
they'll lose!
You've gotta let them rest
and get their strength back!
All right. Fine.
You boys take a break.
A very short one. But after
your little nappy-nap,
you better be ready
to train even harder.
Are you as starving as I am?
--Let's go pig out!
--[GOTEN] Yeah!
Don't let Piccolo
push you too hard, now!
You're a little boy,
Goten, remember that!
If things get rough out there
let the grown-ups
handle the fighting, okay?
[GOTEN]
Yeah, okay, Mom!
That goes for you, too!
Ya hear me, Trunks?
[TRUNKS]
Yeah, yeah. Got it.
Will we make it through this?
There's still one more day
before they're scheduled
to face off with Buu.
We'll just have to find a way.
[AEROBICS WOMAN 43A] Ready,
and lift those legs up high!
One, two. One, two. One, two.
One. Two. Good, and again!
And two.
[ELDER KAI]
I like that "two" pose better.
[AEROBICS WOMAN 43A]
And relax.
[GOHAN] I hope the earth's
holding up okay
while I'm sitting
here doing this.
You were just wondering
if everything's all right
back on your planet
while you're occupied
with this process, weren't you?
When I told you this power-up
would take 20 hours,
I meant 20 hours.
So just relax and sit still.
A Supreme Kai doesn't
lie about these things.
Did you forget that?
--[GOHAN] Nuh-uh.
--Good, so just sit still.
Sooo...
How fetching would you say
this Bulma woman is?
If you recall, your old man
offered me an enticing deal.
Once this is complete
and I've managed to
boost your power to
astronomical new heights.
I get to grab a heaping
handful of boobies
from this over-the-hill
but still vivacious Bulma!
No offense, Elder Kai,
but shouldn't you be
concentrating a little more
fully on the task at hand?
Hey, I'm not an amateur here!
If I couldn't concentrate while
merely having a casual chat,
I wouldn't be much
of a Kai, now would I?
[SUPREME KAI]
Uh-uhh...
So. How's she look?
I'd say she's
a real knockout I suppose.
Oh. She is?
Well then, enough of
this frivolous chit-chat.
Let's get down to business, boy!
A real knockout, eh?
Well. Guess I take
this seriously! Huh?
Yes indeed.
That's our great ancestor.
He's found his motivation.
Huh. You sure?
[SUPREME KAI] At this rate,
everything's going to be fine.
[BEE barking]
[MR. SATAN]
He-heh. Nicely done!
Awe! That's a good boy!
[BUU grunts
[laughs]
Buu all done!
[MR. SATAN]
Wow! Looks just like 'em.
[BUU grunts]
[BUU] Buu make room
just for you, friend.
[MR. SATAN]
Augh!
Thanks. That means
the world to me.
[BUU]
You come look what Buu make.
This your new home, doggy.
[MR. SATAN] My, my.
What a lucky pup you are.
[panting]
[BOTH chuckle]
[BEE barking]
[BUU]
Hey! Buu want yummy yums now!
[MR. SATAN]
It's almost ready!
Hold on for
one more minute, okay?
[BUU]
Okay!
[MR. SATAN] Buu's just
a big ol' innocent kid
at heart now, isn't he?
He's not gonna
kill anybody anymore.
All right. Looking good.
Looking real good.
[BUU]
Hey! Yummy yums done now?
Yeah! Coming right up!
[MR. SATAN]
Thanks for your patience.
I hope you find it delicious
and worth the wait.
[BUU]
You come eat with Buu.
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
Thank you!
-[BEE barking]
-[BUU laughing]
[BUU laughing]
[MR. SATAN] Would you like for
me to scrub your back now, sir?
Sure. Hey, you take
a bath with Buu.
You mean you want
me to get in there too?
With you and the dog?
Buu not shy. Hop in!
[MR. SATAN] Oh, well, if you
insist, sir, then by all means.
Whaa!
Aah! I'm so sorry.
You have fun?
Uh, yeah. The water's
very nice. Heh.
We have fun! We have fun!
[MR. SATAN yells]
[laughs]
[gasps]
[panting]
You have fun?
Sort of?
[BUU]
Aah!
[MR. SATAN yawns]
[sighs] That water
really was quite nice.
[zipper zips]
Great. And now if its okay,
we're gonna take
a quick picture
to mark this wonderful day
I became your slave!
It's a dream come true.
Now this may sound odd,
but could you lie down for me?
Arms out, eyes shut.
Is this good?
[MR. SATAN] Perfect!
This pose is in fashion!
It's all the rage with the kids!
[chuckles]
[MR. SATAN] We say he's
a monster, but I don't think
he knew any better.
He just did what he was told,
and they took advantage of that.
Guess I took
advantage of him, too.
Well, not anymore!
[picture ripping]
[BUU] Buu hungry, Buu hungry!
Make Buu more yummy yums!
[MR. SATAN] Is he kidding?
We just finished eating.
All right, all right.
I'll whip something up.
Yummy yums!
Yummy yums! Yummy yums!
[MR. SATAN, BUU]
[BUU] For dessert, we eat ritzy
chocolate not made from people.
Buu love ritzy chocolate!
Okay! Hm?!
You disgust me!
Posing as a hero of justice,
but here you are,
being Buu's maid!
You know nothin'!
[BUU]
Yummy yums ready yet?
[VAN ZANT laughing]
You traitor!
Prepare to die!
--[MR. SATAN grunts]
--[BUU] Hm?!
[MR. SATAN groans]
[VAN ZANT chuckles]
Serves you right!
Buu's friend!
[gasps, groans]
[growls]
[VAN ZANT] This isn't over yet,
Buu! Not by a long shot!
Still alive!
[groans]
[BUU grunting]
[wailing]
[grunting]
--[MR. SATAN gasps]
--[BUU growls]
Whoa. I don't... believe it!
You really did it!
You saved me! Thank you, Buu!
[yells]
Are you okay, Buu?
Master Buu, sir. Buddy.
What's wrong with you?
[BUU] Run away! Take doggy
and run far, far away!
You will... die!
Die? What are you
talking about?
Go now!
Okay!
[BUU]
You go more far! More far!
[MR. SATAN]
Whatever you say!
[BUU groaning]
[panting]
[yelling]
[groaning]
[MR. SATAN gasping]
[PICCOLO]
What the--?
[BUU grunts]
Wh-Wh-What is that thing? Aah!
♪
Aah! You see this, right?
This is really happening?
[DENDE] I don't understand.
What happened?
[PICCOLO] I'm not sure,
but there's a darkness
to the new one's energy--
a feeling of absolute hate.
It's like every evil impulse
in Buu's character
swelled up so much it was
expelled form his body.
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu's
explosive fury had caused
the evil portion that had
become dormant within him
to shoot to the surface,
forming a second Majin Buu
with its own
consciousness and agenda.
Separate from each other,
there is now a purely
wicked Majin Buu,
and a purely innocent one.
[screams]
Die!
[VAN ZANT]
Heh. Come on!
[mumbles]
No, no, no!
[screams]
[SUPREME KAI gasps]
Hey, what's the matter?
Why'd you just gasp?
Because, there's trouble
back on Earth.
--[GOKU gasps]
--[ELDER KAI chuckling]
[ELDER KAI laughing]
[BUU grunting]
[BUU growling]
Hey, ugly, what are you?
Majin Buu! What are you?
[BOTH grunt]
Nnngh! Wait. So there's two
different Majin Buus now?
Okay, I am definitely confused.
But, what should we do?
What does all of this mean?
[NARRATOR]
Not one, but two Majin Buus
now threaten the earth.
They face off in an epic battle,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
The battle of the Buus
is about to begin,
but the innocent Buu's
lost most of his power.
Things don't look
too good for him!
[MR. SATAN]
Get him, Buu!
Hmm, they're both Majin Buu.
Makes cheering for him
kinda tricky.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] This new Majin
really creeps me out.